# Google-Analytics-Customer-Revenue-Prediction

Extracted meaningful insights from Google Analytics data on GStore customers using libraries like Pandas, Numpy, Sklearn, Seaborn. Predicted the revenue that will be generated by a customer using LGBM Regressor.

Task 1:
--------

1.1) Explain what you did to clean the data. List each step/method as a separate item.

Task 2:
--------

2.1.1) Upload your heatmap (or other exciting plot).

2.1.2) Explain the reason for your choice for these variables and any interesting results associated with them. 

2.2.1) Upload a second plot of your choice.

2.2.2) Explain the reason for your choice for these variables and any interesting results associated with them. 

2.3.1) Upload a third plot of your choice

2.3.2) Explain the reason for your choice for these variables and any interesting results associated with them. 

Task 3:
--------

3.1) Upload a visualization of the clustering.

3.2) Describe your inferences from the clustering and discuss their significance. (based on 3.1)

Task 4:
--------

4.1) Rank the ten most likely users who will buy a product from the store. List them here.

4.2) Does your model produce good results? Why or why not? Explain the rationale behind your buying probability function.

Task 5:
--------

5.1) Identify at least one external data set which you can integrate into your transaction prediction analysis to make it better.

5.2) Discuss/analyze the extent to which this data helps with the prediction task.

Task 6:
--------

6.1) Report your best achieved rank

6.2) Report the score you received for your best rank

6.3) Report the total number of entries you made during the course of this challenge 

6.4) Include a snapshot of your best score on the leaderboard as confirmation

Task 7:
--------

7.1) For multiple (not necessarily all) relevant input variables, permute the value of each variable and see how it impact the accuracy of the results. Report the results below.

7.2) Explain your process during the permutation test as well as your findings.
